<h2> Updates </h2>

- scraping and crawling not working on somoy tv
- ekattor tv has automated system to block request after some rate of request (450-550).
- prothom alo does not allow crawling maybe (got to check again)

- daily star bangla has no problem scrapping and crawling

- BBC bangla is working fine

- ATN Bangla News is not dynamic, acting as static, no recursive possible.

- Kalerkantha is working good.


- DBC news not letting crawl.


- Channel24 is not working at all.


- better internet connection needed for prothom alo?

- ekattor tv is ready for retrieving

- write similar code for ittefaq

- find the last available news indices for ekattor and ittefaq










<h3>Categories under Prothom Alo </h3>

- Politics
- Bangladesh
- World (sub division available)
- Business
- Opinion (sub divison) [also, it's complicated]<\i>
- Sports (sub division)
- Entertainment (sub division not much important, i guess)
- Lifestyle (sub division not much important, i guess)
- Technology
- Education
- Employment





<h2> Ekattor Tv </h2>

-




<h2> Ittefaq </h2>

- experimenting on time daily, providing no time delays.

- started from 57729 to 58937, 61303 - 75503, 75503 - 76529, 76529 - 86526, 86840 - 95982, 95982 - 107579, 107579 - 133044, 133044 - 147073, 147073 - 148057, 148057 - 154664,  169742 - 176980, 176980 - 178043, 178043 - 179245, 179245 - 179289, 

- works better without interruption during low access time, like night time, after 11.00 pm until 10.00 am (around)

- content section contains some '\n' and need to clear them later.

- 






<h2> Independent Tv News </h2>

can be worked around with simple increment of value in url
start from 23470 (০১ জানুয়ারি ২০১৮)
around 65k

<span style="color:green;"><strong>Possible</strong></span>

<h2> Bonik Barta </h2>

can be worked around with simple increment of value in url

start from 204940 (01-08-2019)
around 150k
- It does not have anything called category.

Tasks:
- Check the starting index

<span style="color:orange;"><strong>Category does not exist</strong></span>

<h2> Bangla Tribune </h2>

can be worked around with simple increment of value in url
start from 500061 (04-07-2019)
around 320k
<span style="color:cyan;"><strong>News queued</strong></span>


<h2> Dhaka Post </h2>
can be worked around with simple increment of value in url
start from 2 (29-11-2020)
around 265k

<span style="color:green;"><strong>Possible</strong></span>


<h2> Dhaka Tribune Bangla </h2>

can be worked around with simple increment of value in url

start from 1 (12-05-2018)

around 71k

<span style="color:cyan;"><strong>News queued</strong></span>



<h2>Channel 24 </h2>

it has title name in its url, embedded in an intangiable way.
Hard to do extraction.

<span style="color:red;"><strong>Not Possible</strong></span>


<h2> Daily Star Bangla </h2>

can't just retrieve with iteration, requires manual iteration.

use div element with class='pb-20 clearfix' only available in contents of that specific news

got to work on it more.

<span style="color:red;"><strong>Not Possible</strong></span>




<h2> Manab Jamin </h2>

start from the 1 index, iterative process.
around 80k+ available


Attributes are:
- Title: News headline.
- Time: Publishing data and time. ```(১৮ ঘন্টা আগে) ৫ ফেব্রুয়ারি ২০২৪, সোমবার, ৮:৪৪ অপরাহ্ন```
- Category: The classification of the news.
- Content: Main body of news.


<span style="color:cyan;"><strong>News queued</strong></span>


<h2> Samakal </h2>

possible with iteration, expecting at least 200k+, need to find the initial news, better start from latest news and decresingly iteration.


Attributes are:
- Title: News headline.
- Time: Publishing data and time, also the update time. ```প্রকাশ: ০২ মার্চ ২০২২ | ২২:১৮ | আপডেট: ০২ মার্চ ২০২২ | ২২:১৮```
- Content: Main body of news.
- Tags: Related keywords generated by the newspaper, at the foot of the news.

<span style="color:cyan;"><strong>News queued</strong></span>

<span style="color:orange;"><strong>Cateogry can not be extracted</strong></span>

<h2>Janakantha</h2>

starting iteratively from 100001, expecting 600k+

Attributes are:
- Title: News headline
- Category: Classification of the news
- Time: ``` প্রকাশিত: ০৬:২৩, ২৬ অক্টোবর ২০১৪ ```
- Content: Main body of news
- Keyword: Related tags to news
- Meta: Some quotation, or important gist from the news.


<span style="color:cyan;"><strong>News queued</strong></span>

<h2> ajkerpatrika </h2>

Attributes are:
- Title: News headline
- Category: Classification of the news
- Time: ```প্রকাশ : ২২ মার্চ ২০২১, ২১:৪৮ ```
- Content: Main body of news

<span style="color:green;"><strong>Possible</strong></span>

<h2> bhorerkagoj </h2>

iteration possible, from 1, January, 2024.
I think data is too large. Not possible to keep that a single file.

<span style="color:red;"><strong>Not Possible</strong></span>




<h2> dailyinqilab </h2>

iteratively increasing possible, pessimist about news quantity. need to find initial news url.

start from 560451, around 80k be found.

<h2> dailyvorerpata </h2>

find intial news lnk, iterative increasing available. pessimistic about category of news.

<h2> Bangladesh Bulletin </h2>

increasing iteration, pessmisitc about catergory.


<h2> dainikbangla </h2>

iterative increasing, around 40k



<h2> dhakatimes24 </h2>

iterative increasing, start from 1300 index.

<span style="color:green;"><strong>Possible</strong></span>
